everyone keep your eyes peeled and give
me a shout if you see anything water
monitors need to be approached with care
because they're potentially very
dangerous animals
this is a water monitor and he's very
bold indeed nothing is safe than the
water monitors on this island they are
enormous and adults can grow up to 3
meters
the weapons monitor lizzard possesses
are so vicious the tail which is facing
Johnny at the moment is one of the first
things that uses in defense lashes out
with that tail to drive away anything
that could be a potential threat as he's
moving through the leaves
tongues lashing out ahead of them you
see it's a forked tongue just like a
snake's and what happens is each side of
that tongue is drawing in scent
molecules into his mouth and you can
tell from which side has the stronger
taste the stronger smell which direction
to head towards in search of food I'm
going to sit very very still now nose to
nose with a living dinosaur
you see him lick his lips there that's
not because he thinks I might be dinner
this is a bit closer than I would really
be comfortable with inside that mouth is
one long line of teeth depart honestly
razor sharp backwards curving and
covered with he's tasting my face it
just stuck his tongue in my eye okay
this is where I start to get a little
bit nervous
you can move very very fast from there
he could have my arm in his mouth in a
second looking at tasting my hand
as I was saying the mouth has
razor-sharp teeth which are covered in
bacteria and those bacteria once they
actually get into a wound
once he cuts you open will almost
instantly start to become infected any
bite from a monitor lizard is very very
serious indeed